---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of May 12, 2025"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

### Last Journal Club of Spring 2025 Tomorrow! (Tuesday, May 13)
IAIFI will have its last journal club of the semester tomorrow (May 13), with Aishik Ghosh (University of California Irvine), titled *Probing High-Dimensional Spaces: From Theory Design in Phenomenology to Parameter Inference in ATLAS*. Sandwiches and refreshments will be provided per usual - hope to see you there! You can find the full talk abstract in the "Events This Week" section of this email.

### Resources from recent Science Communications and Mentorship Workshops
Over the past couple weeks, IAIFI has hosted a Mentorship Workshop (April 22) facilitated by Anna Frebel (MIT), and a Science Communications Workshop (May 6) facilitated by Shannon Greco (Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory). Here are the slide decks from the workshops, along with some other resources: 

- Mentorship Workshop: [View the main slide deck and additional worksheets here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/11D2FNAZZpKGZBdjbCSW1-W2vQf7sQN5A?usp=drive_link)
- Other mentorship resources: [View IAIFI's compiled list of resources here](https://iaifi.org/ecec.html#mentorship-resources)
- Science Communications Workshop: [View the slide deck here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NLxErvp_UB1MXcOEG5fNoM7x0pSuvGFwnePKFCklccQ/edit?usp=sharing)


### Co-working Session, Pizza & Game Night this Friday, May 16, 2025
This coming Friday, IAIFI is hosting our monthly Co-working Session at 2:00pm at the IAIFI Penthouse, followed by a Pizza & Game Night at 5:00pm. Both events will be held at the IAIFI Penthouse, and food & beverages will be provided. Hope to see you there! Please find more details below, in the "Events This Week" section of this email.

[Provide feedback to IAIFI](https://forms.gle/hk2mrqjaLY8nCZrE6){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
