---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of March 31, 2025"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

### Special Events This Week

IAIFI has a few special events coming up this week that we hope you can join us for (details in the "[Events This Week](#events-this-week)" section below): 

* During the **Tuesday, April 1 Journal Club (1:00 pm), we will have a Career Advice Panel** with Denis Boyda (Meta AI, Former IAIFI Fellow), Emmanouil Theodosis (Grad Student, Harvard), and Steven Eulig (Research Scientist, EMD Electronics and Harvard University).
* On **Thursday, April 3 at 3:00 pm we will have an additional coffee hour** for current IAIFI members to meet with prospective MIT Physics graduate students, who are visiting during the MIT Physics open house. We especially encourage IAIFI Junior Investigators in MIT Physics to attend!
* On **Friday, April 4, we will have our newly established "First Friday" events:** Industry Lunch at 12:30 pm, Co-Working Session from 2:00 to 5:00 pm, and game night starting at 5:00 pm.

### Winter 2025 SERC Case Studies Released

The [MIT Case Studies in Social and Ethical Responsibilities of Computing (SERC)](https://mit-serc.pubpub.org/) aims to advance new efforts within and beyond MIT’s Stephen A. Schwarzman College of Computing. The latest set of peer-reviewed, open-access case studies features work by an historian of technology, by computer scientists, and by scholars working at the interfaces between computing, media, and legal studies. All cases are freely available via open-access publishing, with author retained copyright, through Creative Commons licensing. A companion website, with original homework problems, in-class demonstrations, and active learning projects developed by multidisciplinary SERC teams, is available via MIT’s OpenCourseWare.

[Provide feedback to IAIFI](https://forms.gle/hk2mrqjaLY8nCZrE6){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
