---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of January 20, 2025"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

### Special IAIFI Journal Club Talk on Friday January 31

Join us for a special edition of the IAIFI Journal Club talk series with [Ezequiel Alvarez](https://icas.unsam.edu.ar/personalwebs/personalweb-sequi/), Professor in Physics at UNSAM University, on Friday, January 31, 2025 at 12:30pm. All IAIFI Members are encouraged to attend the talk at the IAIFI Penthouse (MIT 26-648), with the option to join on Zoom as well.
 
Please [RSVP](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/320f663992f140adae5a6f36739ebe47) so we can get an idea for how much food to order! Sandwiches and refreshments will be provided for in-person attendees. 

Ezequiel primarily focuses on LHC phenomenology, where he has made contributions to top and Higgs physics as well as BSM searches. In recent years, he has begun leveraging Bayesian techniques for LHC analyses. He holds a professorship in physics at UNSAM University in Argentina, where he also teaches ML courses. You can find the title and abstract for Ezequiel’s talk below, or by clicking on the event's button in the IAIFI Events Calendar.

We look forward to this Journal Club as a great way to kick off IAIFI's Spring 2025 semester!

[Provide feedback to IAIFI](https://forms.gle/hk2mrqjaLY8nCZrE6){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
