---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of September 1, 2025"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

### Kickoff Events this Friday, September 5: State of the IAIFI, Junior Member Town Hall, + More

This Friday, September 5, IAIFI will host our kickoff events for the academic year! 
- **State of the IAIFI**: All members are invited to this annual event, where Interim Director Mike Williams will provide updates on IAIFI activities and will include time for your questions and feedback. Refreshments will be provided, and there will be time for socializing after the talk.
    - *When & Where:* 2:00-3:00pm in the Kolker Room (MIT 26-414) and on Zoom
- **Junior Member Town Hall**: All junior members (including (under)graduate students and postdocs) are invited to the Junior Member Town Hall. Hosted by junior investigators, this is an informal discussion session where junior members can discuss feedback and suggestions for IAIFI. The ideas discussed at the meeting will help inform the priorities of IAIFI's committees for the upcoming months - all input will be greatly appreciated!
    - *When & Where:* 3:00-4:00pm in the Kolker Room and on Zoom
- **Steering Committee Meeting**: All IAIFI Steering Committee members should do their best to attend the first meeting of the semester (at a slightly different time than usual because of the State of IAIFI presentation).
    - *When & Where:* 3:00-4:00pm in the LNS Conference Room and on Zoom
- **Pizza & Game Night**: All members are invited to this informal game night! Pizza and snacks will be provided, and you're free to bring guests. 
    - *When & Where:* 5:00-7:00pm in the IAIFI Penthouse

[Add State of the IAIFI to your calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=MGY2bTBwYnV0Z3A1cGRkamVsbTU3M2RrMTAgcDcxb2tybHAxZWJvazFpMjdtc2gzZm9kdThAZw&tmsrc=p71okrlp1ebok1i27msh3fodu8%40group.calendar.google.com){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}
[Add Junior Member Town Hall to your calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NzEyN3Uwc3AxMzk3dGJ1MWE0ZWN0OTh1a2kgcDcxb2tybHAxZWJvazFpMjdtc2gzZm9kdThAZw&tmsrc=p71okrlp1ebok1i27msh3fodu8%40group.calendar.google.com){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}
[View the Town Hall Questions & Agenda]
[Add IAIFI Pizza & Game Night to your calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=Mm51cjYxNjRnZGVzcWttdjhrODZxaWUxajcgcDcxb2tybHAxZWJvazFpMjdtc2gzZm9kdThAZw&tmsrc=p71okrlp1ebok1i27msh3fodu8%40group.calendar.google.com){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

### IAIFI Summer Workshop Recordings (Plenary + Parallel Talks)

Videos for most of the plenary talks from the 2025 IAIFI Summer Workshop are now [live on YouTube](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBY0ED2StbGYicBdodtC3QqVVnwhr758-&feature=shared)!

You can also access most of the slides, and recordings of the plenary talks, [on Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1lpw1hYCvnaUk00ta7sJMGpNVORR5Y8EC?usp=share_link). 

[Provide feedback to IAIFI](https://forms.gle/hk2mrqjaLY8nCZrE6){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
