---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of April 14, 2025"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

### Thematic Discussion Session on Interpretable AI this Friday, April 18, 2025
Join us for our next Thematic Discussion Session this coming Friday at 2:00pm ET! It will be led by Ziming Liu (MIT), and will include lightning talks by Matthew Schwartz (Harvard) and Naomi Saphra (Harvard). The discussion will center around Interpretable AI; more details are provided below. Refreshments will be provided! [Add it to your calendar here.](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NGw1NTA2Zm5kcGk1YXZvOW1ya2s2cWY4c2VfMjAyNTA0MThUMTgwMDAwWiBwNzFva3JscDFlYm9rMWkyN21zaDNmb2R1OEBn&tmsrc=p71okrlp1ebok1i27msh3fodu8%40group.calendar.google.com) This will take place at the MIT Kolker Room (26-414)and on Zoom. 

### Mentorship Workshop next Tuesday, April 22, 2025
During the Tuesday, April 22 Journal Club (1:00pm), Anna Frebel (Professor of Physics, MIT) will facilitate a workshop geared toward IAIFI's graduate students and postdocs. The workshop will focus on how you can make the most of your work relationships with your mentors and advisors. Lunch and refreshments will be provided! [Add it to your calendar here.](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=MWY4aDFscnFkczUwN2ZvbGs3NTYzMTIzOGNfMjAyNTA0MjJUMTcwMDAwWiBwNzFva3JscDFlYm9rMWkyN21zaDNmb2R1OEBn&tmsrc=p71okrlp1ebok1i27msh3fodu8%40group.calendar.google.com) This will take place at the IAIFI Penthouse (26-648); attendance will be in-person only. 

[Provide feedback to IAIFI](https://forms.gle/hk2mrqjaLY8nCZrE6){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
