---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of March 17, 2025"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

### Fall 2025 Fellows

We are pleased to share that we will have three new Fellows joining the IAIFI community in Fall 2025! As you can see, in two cases we have partnered with the MIT Schwarzman College of Computing’s inaugural Tayebati Fellowship, which will be an excellent opportunity to bolster our ties to the Computer Science community.

#### Congyue Deng (incoming Tayebati Fellow)
Congyue Deng is completing her Ph.D. in Computer Science at Stanford University. Congyue Deng’s research interests include 3D computer vision and geometric deep learning. Her work focuses on designing feature representations for visual understanding that incorporate symmetries and geometric relations. 

#### Berthy Feng (incoming IAIFI/Tayebati Fellow)
Berthy is completing her PhD in Computing and Mathematical Sciences at Caltech, where she is advised by Prof. Katie Bouman. Berthy works on computational imaging, computer vision, and machine learning. She is primarily interested in developing data-driven and physics-based methods for scientific imaging. More broadly, she is excited to tackle the most challenging scientific imaging problems (e.g., black-hole video reconstruction, 3D protein imaging, exoplanet imaging) by blending physics-based and data-driven methods.

#### Mathis Gerdes (incoming IAIFI Fellow) 
Mathis is currently finishing his PhD in theoretical physics at the University of Amsterdam. His research spans lattice quantum field theory, Calabi-Yau geometry, and statistical inference leveraging machine learning methods. Mathis is interested in developing machine learning tools to address foundational challenges in theoretical physics. His work focuses on complex sampling problems, applying generative models to lattice quantum field theory and exploring how physical principles can inform advancements in machine learning.

Please join us in welcoming [Congyue](mailto:congyue@stanford.edu), [Berthy](mailto:berthyf96@gmail.com), and [Mathis](mailto:m.gerdes@uva.nl) to IAIFI!


[Provide feedback to IAIFI](https://forms.gle/hk2mrqjaLY8nCZrE6){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
