---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of August 25, 2025"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

### Kickoff Events on September 5 - State of the IAIFI, Junior Member Town Hall, + More

Next Friday, September 5, IAIFI will host our kickoff events for the academic year! 
- **State of the IAIFI**: All members are invited to this annual event, where Interim Director Mike Williams will provide updates on IAIFI activities and will include time for your questions and feedback. Refreshments will be provided, and there will be time for socializing after the talk.
    - *When & Where:* 2:00-3:00pm in the Kolker Room (MIT 26-414) and on Zoom
- **Junior Member Town Hall**: All junior members (including (under)graduate students and postdocs) are invited to the Junior Member Town Hall. Hosted by junior investigators, this is an informal discussion session where junior members can discuss feedback and suggestions for IAIFI. The ideas discussed at the meeting will help inform the priorities of IAIFI's committees for the upcoming months - all input will be greatly appreciated!
    - *When & Where:* 3:00-4:00pm in the Kolker Room and on Zoom
- **Pizza & Game Night**: All IAIFI members are invited to this informal game night! Pizza and snacks will be provided, and you're free to bring guests. 
    - *When & Where:* 5:00-7:00pm in the IAIFI Penthouse

[Add State of the IAIFI to your calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=MGY2bTBwYnV0Z3A1cGRkamVsbTU3M2RrMTAgcDcxb2tybHAxZWJvazFpMjdtc2gzZm9kdThAZw&tmsrc=p71okrlp1ebok1i27msh3fodu8%40group.calendar.google.com){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}
[Add Junior Member Town Hall to your calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NzEyN3Uwc3AxMzk3dGJ1MWE0ZWN0OTh1a2kgcDcxb2tybHAxZWJvazFpMjdtc2gzZm9kdThAZw&tmsrc=p71okrlp1ebok1i27msh3fodu8%40group.calendar.google.com){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}
[Add IAIFI Pizza & Game Night to your calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=Mm51cjYxNjRnZGVzcWttdjhrODZxaWUxajcgcDcxb2tybHAxZWJvazFpMjdtc2gzZm9kdThAZw&tmsrc=p71okrlp1ebok1i27msh3fodu8%40group.calendar.google.com){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

### Journal Club Fall 2025: Sign up to lead a discussion!
We’re currently looking for volunteers to host IAIFI Journal Club sessions for the Fall 2025 semester (meeting **Wednesdays at 11:00am in the IAIFI Penthouse and over Zoom**). You can [sign up here to lead a discussion](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf6_sXJqBoVirNvf_H7lo6OkyxEHNwjBBuOc-XBkWWJcXN36g/viewform)! In the sign-up form, you’ll see options such as (1) presenting/leading a discussion around a theme, such as IAIFI’s cross-cutting themes or AI ethics (as opposed to a single paper/project); (2) leading a discussion about your own research; (3) proposing a new format of talk/discussion to lead. We look forward to your ideas! You can reach out with questions to [iaifi-pm@mit.edu](mailto:iaifi-pm@mit.edu), or to the Journal Club organizers, Sean Benevedes (MIT) & Victoria Zhang (MIT).  

[Provide feedback to IAIFI](https://forms.gle/hk2mrqjaLY8nCZrE6){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
