---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of October 27, 2025"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

### No Journal Club This Week; Halloween Coffee Hour on Friday
Please note there is **no Journal Club** this week. We will resume next Wednesday, November 5, with Pablo Mercader Perez (MIT). 

This week's Coffee Hour has been moved to Friday, October 31 at 12:00pm. This will be a special-edition coffee hour including Halloween-themed snacks and crafts! All IAIFI members are welcome, including guests.

### IAIFI Fellows Showcase and Social on Friday, November 7

On November 7 at 2:00pm, IAIFI will host a special lightning talk session to showcase three IAIFI Fellows discussing their research interests, current projects, and opportunities for collaboration! The speakers will be Gaia Grosso (2023-2026 Fellow), Thomas Harvey (2024-2027 Fellow), and Sam Bright-Thonney (2024-2027 Fellow). The showcase will be followed by our Fall Social from 4:00–6:00pm, at Shy Bird in Kendall Square. This will be a great opportunity to connect with the rest of the IAIFI community. **RSVP to the Social below!**

[RSVP for the Social](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/01989a07f21e745b9e7d601fa8e8d2bb){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm} [Add the showcase to your calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NGw1NTA2Zm5kcGk1YXZvOW1ya2s2cWY4c2VfMjAyNTEwMTdUMTgwMDAwWiBwNzFva3JscDFlYm9rMWkyN21zaDNmb2R1OEBn&tmsrc=p71okrlp1ebok1i27msh3fodu8%40group.calendar.google.com){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm} [Add the social to your calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=N2gzZmxsamZxa3VvMWh2MTlzdGxsaTJsanNfMjAyNTEwMTdUMTkwMDAwWiBjXzIyOWMwZDQ3MTFiMmU2ODM4Yjg1NmVmMTI3YTY2MmYxYmE4NTVkZmY5ZTY1YTgxYmUxZDUxOTI4YmQ0MjBlYzhAZw&tmsrc=c_229c0d4711b2e6838b856ef127a662f1ba855dff9e65a81be1d51928bd420ec8%40group.calendar.google.com){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm} 

[Provide feedback to IAIFI](https://forms.gle/hk2mrqjaLY8nCZrE6){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
