---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of August 18, 2025"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

### Public Engagement Open Forum (Thursday, August 28)
If you're interested in outreach and communicating AI+Physics to the public, you're invited to attend an open IAIFI Public Engagement Committee meeting on Thursday, August 28 at 10am ET. At the meeting, we will discuss topics such as the upcoming Cambridge Science Carnival, a video collaboration with a science channel on YouTube, and more. All input will be appreciated! [You can add it to your calendar here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NGg2ZTZhZW9pYXZhMGpzczFncGk4NTdybzcgcDcxb2tybHAxZWJvazFpMjdtc2gzZm9kdThAZw&tmsrc=p71okrlp1ebok1i27msh3fodu8%40group.calendar.google.com), and read more detail below in the Events section.

### Cambridge Science Carnival Volunteer Opportunity (Sunday, September 21)
We're excited to participate for the fourth consecutive year in the Cambridge Science Carnival! IAIFI will run a booth in the Kendall/MIT Open Space with interactive AI+Physics activities. If you are interested in volunteering, [fill out this quick form](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/0198ae83c0a57ba39791ec5d5b3434f9), and we will reach out with more details. This is a great opportunity to informally engage with the public and communicate exciting ideas about AI+Physics! The volunteering slots are expected to range between 1pm and 4pm.  

[Provide feedback to IAIFI](https://forms.gle/hk2mrqjaLY8nCZrE6){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
