---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of January 6, 2025"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

Happy New Year to all! We are looking forward to the Spring 2025 semester. As previously announced, we are rolling out a new format for IAIFI's weekly digest. Please email [iaifi@mit.edu](mailto:iaifi@mit.edu) with any and all comments and suggestions.
 
### IAIFI Summer School Registration is Open

We are pleased to announce that [registration is now open](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/e8dcb6c8564a45d5a61cb0ecafec2bd4) for the 2025 IAIFI Summer School, featuring lectures, hands-on tutorials, lightning talks, a hackathon, and networking events.

**Details:**
- *When:* August 4–8, 2025
- *Where:* Harvard University
- *What:*
    - Four days of lectures and tutorials on the following topics: Reinforcement Learning; Robust/Interpretable AI: Scaling Laws; Physics-Motivated Optimization: Simulation Intelligence; and Representation/Manifold Learning 
    - Full-day hackathon on the last day, with time earlier in the week to begin working on projects
    - Networking events, including a career panel
- *Registration deadline:* **Monday, February 10, 2025**. Space may be limited, so a brief application is required. You will be notified of your registration status by February 17, 2025.
- *Costs:* There will be **no fee to attend** the IAIFI Summer School. Dorms at Harvard University will be available for attendees to book and IAIFI will reimburse up to 5 nights (contingent upon attendance) after the event. Attendees are expected to cover the costs of travel.

[Learn more and register.](https://iaifi.org/phd-summer-school) 

### Save the Date: IAIFI Summer Workshop
We hope you can also save the date for IAIFI Summer Workshop, which will be held **August 11-15, 2025 in Cambridge, MA**. More details will be provided early in 2025.

[Learn more.](https://iaifi.org/summer-workshop)


[Provide feedback to IAIFI](https://forms.gle/hk2mrqjaLY8nCZrE6){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
