---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of February 3, 2025"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

### IAIFI Committee Membership

Three committees are currently looking for new members to join in Spring 2025: 

- Community Building and Inclusion: This committee brainstorms and plans community building events (such as semesterly IAIFI Socials, Pizza & Game Nights, etc.), as well as developing and rolling out new community-building activities. Always open to fresh ideas! *Time committment is approximately 1 hour per month.*
- Early Career and Equity Committee (ECEC): The ECEC serves as an advisory body to IAIFI Management, regarding the well-being and working environment of all IAIFI members. Their goal is to create an equitable, inclusive, welcoming, and enjoyable place of work, where people of all backgrounds and career stages can feel supported to do their best work and advance forward in their careers. *Time committment is approximately 1 hour per month.*
- Speaker Selection: This committee identifies and invites speakers to the IAIFI Colloquia, and hosts the speakers on the day of their talk. This is a good opportunity for those interested in networking. *The committee will meet in May 2025.*

If you are interested in joining any of these committees, fill out the [Google form here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeamvIi_jRGjH_Xea4zy-AH6qylW_55lIEXves20GDujZ8Q9A/viewform?usp=dialog).

### Product Reporting for IAIFI Junior Investigators

For any IAIFI Junior Investigators who haven't done so yet, please review the papers that we have reported for you by the end of the day today. This will help ensure that your accomplishments are properly represented in our quarterly report to the NSF.

- View all the papers that IAIFI has reported for you [on this page.](https://iaifi.org/hidden/hidden-paper-tracking)
- Once you have reviewed your papers, please [use this form](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/fa6d56eb2dec4b5993cd23ac99d910a7) to submit update requests.

Thank you to everyone who has already completed the review!

[Provide feedback to IAIFI](https://forms.gle/hk2mrqjaLY8nCZrE6){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
