---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of July 21, 2025"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

### August Events Spotlight

#### IAIFI Summer Student Showcase and Pizza Lunch (Friday, August 1 at 12:00 pm)
On Friday, August 1, we will host an informal showcase for IAIFI's summer students through the MIT Summer Research Program (MSRP) and the Research Science Institute (RSI)! The students will present posters about their work over the summer, and food and refreshments will be provided. This will be a great opportunity to celebrate the work that the students have done. This will take place on Friday, August 1 at 12:00pm at the IAIFI Penthouse.

#### IAIFI Summer School Social (Wednesday, August 6 at 5:30 pm)
All IAIFI members are invited to the 2025 IAIFI Summer School Social on **Wednesday, August 6, 2025**! The event will start with a Fireside Chat with [Boris Hanin](https://boris-hanin.github.io/) (Princeton) from 5:30-6:30pm, followed by a catered reception hosted by one of our sponsors, [PDT Partners](https://pdtpartners.com/), from 6:30-8:00pm. The event will be held at the Harvard University Physics building (17 Oxford St, Cambridge), with more details to be provided closer to the event.

If you are not attending the Summer School (August 4-8), but would like to attend the Social, please [RSVP here](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/0197e5432a487e00b3a4638971bf0aae).  

### Marisa LaFleur Promoted to IAIFI Managing Director

As of July 9, 2025, Marisa has been promoted from IAIFI Project Manager to IAIFI Managing Director! This title change reflects her work over the last 4+ years above and beyond the Project Manager role, including writing proposals, developing IAIFI strategy, managing the IAIFI Project Coordinator, and representing IAIFI to the NSF, the AI Institutes Virtual Organization (AIVO), and industry sponsors. As IAIFI Managing Director, Marisa will continue to oversee the implementation of IAIFI activities and will continue to expand her responsibilities related to IAIFI's long-term strategy and funding. Please join us in congratulating Marisa on this accomplishment!

[Provide feedback to IAIFI](https://forms.gle/hk2mrqjaLY8nCZrE6){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
