---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of September 15, 2025"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

### Junior Member Survey

[IAIFI Junior Member Survey](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/01989f02d89c7a7a9c057d3a3e1e2da1): If you are a junior IAIFI member (student or postdoc), **please fill out this survey as soon as possible**. Through the form, you can indicate which forums & committees you're interested in, review the expectations for your IAIFI role, and more! Thank you to those who have already filled out the form. 

A couple of particular opportunities we'd like to highlight:
- **Join the board of the Talent Forum**: This forum will take point on career support, early career perspective, mentorship, and more. This will include helping **plan our industry lunch talks (such as our talk with Trevor McCourt from Extropic on October 3), which is a great opportunity for networking.**
- **Join the Ethics Committee**: The Ethics committee will meet ad hoc to discuss topics related to ethics, including AI ethics, and how they may apply to IAIFI. If you're interested in **ethical research considerations, this is a great opportunity for you!** 

To those who have already completed the survey: we will reach out soon to schedule kickoff meetings for the forums & committees. If you have already filled out the form, but would like to join either the Talent Forum board or the Ethics Committee, feel free to reach out to [iaifi-pm@mit.edu](mailto:iaifi-pm@mit.edu). 

[Fill out the Junior Member survey](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/01989f02d89c7a7a9c057d3a3e1e2da1){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}


### Events on Friday, September 19: Mini-Symposium and Poster Session
This Friday, September 19, join us for a 2:00pm Mini-Symposium with IAIFI Senior Investigators and Affiliates, followed by a 3:00pm Poster Session with junior members! All IAIFI members are encouraged to attend both events. During the Mini-Symposium, IAIFI Senior Investigators and Affiliates will present lightning talks on their work. Junior members will present posters on their work afterwards at the Penthouse. This will be a great opportunity to build connections and spark collaborations across IAIFI!

Speakers at **the mini-symposium** will include: Ashley Villar (Harvard), Bill Freeman (MIT), Fabian Ruehle (Northeastern), Lina Necib (MIT), Lisa Barsotti (MIT), Liu Ziyin (MIT), Matt LeBlanc (Brown), Matthew Schwartz (Harvard), Mike Williams (MIT), Phiala Shanahan (MIT), Robin Walters (Northeastern), Sudhir Malik (University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez), Tracy Slatyer (MIT), Vidya Manian (University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez). Speakers at **the Poster Session** will include Clara Marty (MIT), Felix Yu (Harvard), Julia Balla (MIT), Kate Richardson (MIT), Richard Li (MIT), Ryan Lopez (MIT), Teddy Koker (MIT), and Zhuo Chen (MIT). 

[Provide feedback to IAIFI](https://forms.gle/hk2mrqjaLY8nCZrE6){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
