---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of August 11, 2025"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

### Save the Date: September 5 State of IAIFI and Junior Member Town Hall, October 17 Fellows Showcase and Fall Social
We're spotlighting a couple key IAIFI events as we approach the Fall 2025 semester. More details will be provided as we get closer to the events.
- **September 5, 2:00pm State of IAIFI (open to all IAIFI members):** We will host our annual State of IAIFI event. Interim Director Mike Williams will provide updates on IAIFI activities and will include time for your feedback and questions. 
- **September 5, 3:00pm Junior Member Town Hall (open to students and postdocs only):** We will hold our annual Junior Town Hall to gather feedback and suggestions from IAIFI students and postdocs. The feedback will The Town Hall will be led by junior members and will include discussion of a variety of questions.
- **October 17, 3:00pm Fellows Showcase:** We will host a special lightning talk session showcasing several IAIFI Fellows discussing their research interests, current projects and opportunities for collaboration!
- **October 17, 4:30pm Fall Social:** After the IAIFI Fellows Showcase, we will host our Fall Social. The venue is to be determined. **If you would like to request a family-friendly venue (e.g., a family-friendly restaurant as opposed to a bar), please [fill out this form ASAP](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/01989a07f21e745b9e7d601fa8e8d2bb).**

### No Coffee Hour This Week
Per the Events Calendar, there will be no IAIFI Coffee Hour this week. Our weekly coffee hours will resume on **Tuesday, August 19, 2025**. 

[Provide feedback to IAIFI](https://forms.gle/hk2mrqjaLY8nCZrE6){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
