---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of March 10, 2025"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

### This Friday: IAIFI's Spring Social and Research Panel on the 2024 Nobel Prize in Physics

This **Friday, March 14, 2025**, IAIFI is hosting two special events at the MIT Schwarzman College of Computing (MIT Building 45)!

At 3:00pm in room 45-102, we will host a *Research Panel on the 2024 Nobel Prize in Physics*. Following our Fireside Chat this past November, this panel will dive deeper into the impact of the 2024 Nobel Prize in Physics. Guest speakers will include Cengiz Pehlevan (Kempner Institute/Harvard University), Dmitry Krotov (MIT-IBM Watson AI Lab/IBM Research), and Ila Fiete (McGovern Institute/MIT). [Add this panel to your calendar here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NDN2ZDBja3Bwa29pNTQzNXVibjlmbnRkY3ZfMjAyNTA0MTFUMTgwMDAwWiBjNnA3MjAwZHBuMTRzbTUzajAxYTFldnA4OEBn&tmsrc=c6p7200dpn14sm53j01a1evp88%40group.calendar.google.com). 

After the panel, in room 45-100 we will be hosting IAIFI's Spring Social from 4:30 to 6:30pm! Food and beverages will be provided. This will be a great opportunity to network with the IAIFI community. [RSVP for IAIFI's Spring Social here](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/0f9551fa24ee4336851a7e88709a25e5)!

### Subsidizing Member-led Community Building Activities

As we head into warmer spring weather, the IAIFI Community Building Committee wanted to spotlight the new workflow for subsidizing member-led IAIFI social activities and events.
 
In short, the process works this way:
- Fill out the [IAIFI Activity Proposal form](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/11c9f5109efc4abd907ccde4a5d3d37e) at least two weeks before your proposed community-building activity (the form contains more details on the actual approval and reimbursement process). Example activities include: Escape Room, Museum Visit, Kayaking, etc. 
- Pending approval from the Community Building Committee (within 5 business days), organize and advertise your activity. All activities must be advertised to all of IAIFI, but could be targeted to a subset if desired (e.g., first-year grad students).
- After the event, IAIFI members who participate in the event will receive reimbursement up to $10 per participant (max $250 total) as needed, provided that the actual event is in line with what the Committee approved (e.g., at least 5 IAIFI members attended). 
 
To get started, fill out the [IAIFI Activity Proposal form.]( https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/11c9f5109efc4abd907ccde4a5d3d37e) More details are provided [on this webpage.](https://iaifi.org/social-activities) 
 
If you have any feedback or questions about the process, please contact the IAIFI Project Management Team at [iaifi-pm@mit.edu](mailto:Iaifi-pm@mit.edu). 

[Provide feedback to IAIFI](https://forms.gle/hk2mrqjaLY8nCZrE6){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
