---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of March 30, 2026"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

{% include_relative digest_resources.html %}

### Fellows Showcase and Social,  Fri. April 3
This coming Friday, April 3, 2026, we are holding two exciting events that are open to the IAIFI community! We hope you can make it to one or both of these events.

* IAIFI Fellows Showcase: 2:00-3:30pm, MIT Kolker Room (26-414) and Zoom
    * Featured Fellows: Akshunna Dogra, Berthy Feng, and Mathis Gerdes. [See the lightning talk abstracts here.](https://tinyurl.com/yprvk5w4).
* IAIFI Spring Social ([**RSVP here**](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/019cb48973277b9e841924fe85f3cc79)): 4:00-6:00pm at Mex Taqueria & Bar (500 Technology Square, Cambridge). 

[Add Showcase to calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NHRpbGdidWlncnVsdWFvdjZzcDlrOTRjMzggcDcxb2tybHAxZWJvazFpMjdtc2gzZm9kdThAZw&tmsrc=p71okrlp1ebok1i27msh3fodu8%40group.calendar.google.com){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm} [Add Social to calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=N2gzZmxsamZxa3VvMWh2MTlzdGxsaTJsanNfMjAyNjA0MDNUMTkwMDAwWiBjXzIyOWMwZDQ3MTFiMmU2ODM4Yjg1NmVmMTI3YTY2MmYxYmE4NTVkZmY5ZTY1YTgxYmUxZDUxOTI4YmQ0MjBlYzhAZw&tmsrc=c_229c0d4711b2e6838b856ef127a662f1ba855dff9e65a81be1d51928bd420ec8%40group.calendar.google.com&scp=ALL){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm} [RSVP to the social](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/019cb48973277b9e841924fe85f3cc79){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

### Coffee Hour with Prospective MIT Physics Grad Students, Thu. April 2
This coming Thursday, we are hosting an informal coffee hour for current IAIFI members to meet with prospective MIT Physics graduate students, who are visiting during the MIT Physics open house. Coffee and snacks will be provided! This will be **2:15-3:00pm on Thursday, April 2 at the IAIFI Penthouse.**

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
