---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of April 27, 2026"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

{% include_relative digest_resources.html %}

### Industry Lunch Talk with Rick Grinnell (Glasswing Ventures) this Friday, May 1
Our next Industry Lunch Talk is on Friday, May 1, 12:30pm ET at the IAIFI Penthouse and on Zoom. The guest speaker will be Rick Grinnell, Founder and Managing Partner at Glasswing Ventures. Click on the event in the calendar below to see the full event details.

Sandwiches and refreshments will be provided for all in-person attendees. Feel free to invite your colleagues who may be interested!

[Add to Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=M2hxajJhdGkxdGkwY2diaGlrbTM4NGJidGVfMjAyNjA1MDFUMTYzMDAwWiBwNzFva3JscDFlYm9rMWkyN21zaDNmb2R1OEBn&tmsrc=p71okrlp1ebok1i27msh3fodu8%40group.calendar.google.com){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

### IAIFI Summer Workshop Registration and Abstract Submissions
Registration is ongoing for the 2026 IAIFI Summer Workshop which will be held at MIT, August 10–14, 2026. The registration fee is 200 USD. (Please note the registration link takes you first to payment and then to a separate page to complete registration.)

We are also accepting submissions for contributed talks and posters at the Workshop.

[Register](https://buy.stripe.com/bJebJ15xqfTu4H87ax7Vm0r){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm} [Submit a talk/poster](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/019cf72596b5790ca38a933e4d7b226a){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm} [More information](https://iaifi.org/summer-workshop){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
