---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of June 8, 2026"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

{% include_relative digest_resources.html %}

### IAIFI Funding Renewed by the NSF
As you may have seen in last week's communications, IAIFI has been awarded a five-year renewal from the National Science Foundation’s AI Institutes program! This renewed investment will allow IAIFI to continue pioneering research at the intersection of artificial intelligence and physics, while expanding our reach and impact in exciting new ways. [Read more in our official announcement.](https://iaifi.org/iaifi-reminders/renewal-announcement)

### Save the Date: Summer School Social (August 6), Industry Day (August 14)
Mark your calendars for these two exciting events! RSVPs and more detail to be sent once we reach the summer. Both of these events will be open to any IAIFI members to register at no cost.
* **IAIFI Summer School Social** on Thursday, August 6 at the Museum of Science: This will be an excellent way to connect with the Summer School students and the wider IAIFI community. 
* **IAIFI Industry Day** on Friday, August 14 at the Samberg Conference Center: This event will include flash talks from industry partners & IAIFI members, networking, catered lunch, and more.

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
