---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of February 2, 2026"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

{% include_relative digest_resources.html %}

### IAIFI Journal Club, now Lunch Discussions for Spring 2026
Sign-ups are open for IAIFI Lunch Discussions for Spring 2026! These events will be **Thursdays at 1:00pm**, at the IAIFI Penthouse and on Zoom, with lunch provided. Events will be advertised as they are confirmed.

Previously called the "IAIFI Journal Club," the Lunch Discussions will be a great opportunity to share your own research, discuss larger-scale themes at the intersection of AI+Physics, and/or spark new ideas and collaborations. The discussions will also be followed by the weekly **IAIFI Coffee Hour on Thursdays at 2:00 pm**, which all are welcome to attend regardless of attendance at the Lunch Discussions. 

Fill out the form below to volunteer to lead a discussion, or to suggest a discussion topic for a future event (such as a particular research paper of interest, a trend in ethical research considerations, etc.)! We look forward to your input.

[Lunch Discussion Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf6_sXJqBoVirNvf_H7lo6OkyxEHNwjBBuOc-XBkWWJcXN36g/viewform){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm} 

### IAIFI-CSAIL Pizza & Game Night on Friday, February 6
IAIFI and CSAIL will co-host this first social event of the semester, including board games, pizza, and snacks! Feel free to bring any games you’d like to contribute. **Please RSVP at the link below** if you plan to come, so we can order enough pizza! The event will be 6:00-8:00pm at MIT 32-D463, on Friday, February 6. 

[RSVP](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/019bc801f5b67debb11c8afa3a7a97d2){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm} [Add to Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=ZWxhcGM3OHE3ZnZkZWFwZDlhMG5tajdkdGVfMjAyNjAyMDZUMjIwMDAwWiBjXzIyOWMwZDQ3MTFiMmU2ODM4Yjg1NmVmMTI3YTY2MmYxYmE4NTVkZmY5ZTY1YTgxYmUxZDUxOTI4YmQ0MjBlYzhAZw&tmsrc=c_229c0d4711b2e6838b856ef127a662f1ba855dff9e65a81be1d51928bd420ec8%40group.calendar.google.com){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm} 

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
