---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of March 9, 2026"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

{% include_relative digest_resources.html %}

### Friday, March 13 Student and Postdoc Lunch with Colloquium Speaker
IAIFI students and postdocs are invited to an informal, catered networking meetup with IAIFI's colloquium speaker, Carlo V. Cannistraci (Tsinghua Laboratory of Brain and Intelligence (THBI)). This event will be on Friday, March 13, 2026, 12:30pm – 1:30pm at the IAIFI Penthouse (MIT 26-648). Lunch and refreshments will be provided!

### Friday, April 3 Fellows Showcase and Spring Social!
Save the date! On Friday, April 3, 2026, we are holding two exciting events that are open to the IAIFI community. We hope all IAIFI members, but especially Senior and Junior Investigators,  will take this opportunity to hear about the work being done by the IAIFI Fellows, including possible opportunities to collaborate with them, and to network with other IAIFI members. In the coming weeks, we will provide more information about each Fellow’s lightning talk.
- **IAIFI Fellows Showcase:** 2:00-3:30pm, MIT Kolker Room (26-414) and Zoom
    - Fellows giving lightning talks will include Michael Albergo, Akshunna Dogra, Berthy Feng, and Mathis Gerdes. 
- **IAIFI Spring Social ([RSVP](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/019cb48973277b9e841924fe85f3cc79)):** 4:00-6:00pm at Mex Taqueria & Bar 

[RSVP here](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/019cb48973277b9e841924fe85f3cc79) for the Spring Social! We hope you can join us for these events.

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
