---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of June 15, 2026"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

{% include_relative digest_resources.html %}

### Fall 2026 Fellows

We are pleased to share that we will have four new Fellows joining the IAIFI community in Fall 2026! We are also happy to partner with Perimeter Institute through the Perimeter Postdoctoral Program, and with the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics through the ITC Fellowship Program.

####Adrian Bayer (IAIFI and Perimeter Institute Fellow)
Before joining IAIFI, Adrian was a joint postdoctoral fellow at the Center for Computational Astrophysics at the Flatiron Institute and Princeton University. Adrian's work is at the intersection of cosmology, statistical inference, and machine learning, developing methods to extract fundamental physics from large-scale structure and cosmic microwave background surveys.

####Nicole Hartman (IAIFI Fellow)
Nicole is a particle physicist working with data from the Large Hadron Collider. Her research interests include scaling up ML models and training datasets, and building a foundation model for particle physics with interpretable building blocks. She is excited to use this particle physics foundation model to understand the Higgs boson and help obtain the first evidence for the Higgs self-coupling, which governs the stability of the universe.

####Jacob Nibauer (IAIFI and ITC Fellow)
Jacob is completing his PhD in Astrophysical Sciences at Princeton University. His research combines analytical, numerical, and machine learning methods to advance stellar streams as precision dynamical probes of dark matter. He is broadly interested in constructing fast and flexible models for inference on dynamical systems.

####Christina Reissel (IAIFI Fellow)
Prior to becoming an IAIFI Fellow, Christina was a Postdoctoral Fellow at MIT supported by the Swiss National Science Foundation's Postdoc.Mobility Fellowship. She works at the intersection of gravitational-wave astronomy, particle physics, and AI, focusing on time series analysis: separating structure from noise, inferring dynamical processes, and identifying rare events in data from some of the world's most sensitive instruments. 

Please join us in welcoming [Adrian](mailto:abayer@mit.edu), [Nicole](mailto:nicole.hartman@tum.de), [Jacob](mailto:jnibauer@princeton.edu), and [Christina](mailto:creissel@mit.edu) to IAIFI!

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
