---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of July 20, 2026"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

{% include_relative digest_resources.html %}

### Thursday July 30: IAIFI Summer Student Showcase and Pizza Lunch

  All IAIFI members are invited to attend this informal showcase for IAIFI's summer students through the MIT Summer Research Program (MSRP), Undergraduate Research Opportunities Program (UROP), and the Research Science Institute (RSI). This will be on **Thursday, July 30**, 2:00-3:00pm at the IAIFI Penthouse. The students will present posters about their work over the summer, and food and refreshments will be provided. This will be a great opportunity to celebrate the work that the students have done.

### Thursday August 6: RSVP for Summer School Social at the Museum of Science
All IAIFI members are invited to the 2026 IAIFI Summer School Social on **Thursday, August 6, 2026**, 6-8pm at the Museum of Science. The event will include a catered dinner at the Museum of Science hosted by one of our  sponsors, PDT Partners, with opening remarks from Shamit Kachru (Executive Director, Quantitative Research, PDT Partners). Attendees will also have after-hours access to the Museum's new *Making Waves* exhibit. 

If you are not attending the Summer School, but would like to attend the Social, please RSVP below.

[RSVP](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/019f56b65e607f61add532b83fca44c4){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
