---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of June 1, 2026"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

{% include_relative digest_resources.html %}

### Vote on Colloquium Speakers for Next Year + More
Check out the survey below for several opportunities to contribute to IAIFI activities. Respondents will be added to an IAIFI merch raffle! Survey questions include the following and more:
- Voting on **colloquium speakers** for the next academic year.
- Letting us know about local **industry connections** to invite to the IAIFI Industry Day on August 14. The event will include flash talks from industry partners & IAIFI members, networking, catered lunch, and more. All IAIFI members will be welcome to attend.
- Weigh in on a potential **Dark Matter Day** event in the Fall.

The survey will close at **noon Boston time on Friday, June 5.**

[Take the Survey](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/019e278d4a64704c8dcdcb72bb023ffb){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

### IAIFI Summer Workshop: Abstract Submissions due June 8
We are accepting submissions for contributed talks and posters at the [IAIFI Summer Workshop](https://iaifi.org/summer-workshop) until **noon Boston time on June 8, 2026**.

The 2026 IAIFI Summer Workshop will be held at MIT, August 10–14, 2026. The registration fee is 200 USD. (Please note the registration link takes you first to payment and then to a separate page to complete registration.)

[Register](https://buy.stripe.com/bJebJ15xqfTu4H87ax7Vm0r){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm} [Submit a talk/poster](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/019cf72596b5790ca38a933e4d7b226a){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm} [More information](https://iaifi.org/summer-workshop){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

**A new white paper, co-authored by IAIFI Managing Director Marisa LaFleur,** examines what it takes to coordinate large AI research teams such as IAIFI. Drawing on input from project managers across 25 AI Institutes, the paper offers recommendations for funders, universities, and research organizations. Read it here: ['Project Managers Facilitate Interdisciplinary Collaboration in AI Research'](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=6361038)

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
