---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of February 9, 2026"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

{% include_relative digest_resources.html %}

### Kicking off Spring 2026 IAIFI Events
**IAIFI Lunch Discussion (formerly Journal Club) this Thursday:** Our IAIFI Lunch Discussion organizers, Sean Benevedes (MIT) and Victoria Zhang (MIT), will host our first event this coming Thursday, February 12, at 1:00pm at the Penthouse and on Zoom! The discussion is titled: *How do LLMs impact work for students & postdocs?* Check out the full abstract in the "Events This Week" section below. Lunch and refreshments will be provided, and feel free to invite people from outside of IAIFI you think may be interested!

*We are still looking for volunteers to lead lunch discussions; this can be a presentation on your own work or simply leading a discussion on a topic of interest. [Sign up here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf6_sXJqBoVirNvf_H7lo6OkyxEHNwjBBuOc-XBkWWJcXN36g/viewform)!*

**IAIFI Colloquium with Roger Melko this Friday:** Join us on Friday, February 13, for the first public colloquium of the semester: *Language Models for Quantum Simulation*, with visiting speaker [Roger Melko](https://rgmelko.github.io/) (University of Waterloo). Roger's talk will be at 2:00pm ET, in the MIT Kolker Room and on Zoom. Check out the talk abstract in the "Events This Week" section below. 

*Earlier in the day, IAIFI students and postdocs are invited to an informal, catered networking lunch with Roger. The lunch will be at 12:30pm at the IAIFI Penthouse.*

[Add Colloquium to Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=MDdjYzkxdmJjOTF2aGNkY3BjcHZ1NWZjNnNfMjAyNjAyMTNUMTkwMDAwWiBjNnA3MjAwZHBuMTRzbTUzajAxYTFldnA4OEBn&tmsrc=c6p7200dpn14sm53j01a1evp88%40group.calendar.google.com){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm} [Add Lunch to Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=M2hxajJhdGkxdGkwY2diaGlrbTM4NGJidGVfMjAyNjAyMTNUMTczMDAwWiBwNzFva3JscDFlYm9rMWkyN21zaDNmb2R1OEBn&tmsrc=p71okrlp1ebok1i27msh3fodu8%40group.calendar.google.com){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm} [Watch Colloquium on Zoom](https://mit.zoom.us/j/91200832411){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm} [Add Lunch Discussion to Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=czNwbDIwYzlyZGk2YjdiMWp1ZDhzcXY4NHZfMjAyNjAyMTJUMTgwMDAwWiBwNzFva3JscDFlYm9rMWkyN21zaDNmb2R1OEBn&tmsrc=p71okrlp1ebok1i27msh3fodu8%40group.calendar.google.com){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm} [Watch Lunch Discussion on Zoom](https://mit.zoom.us/j/91321571982?pwd=azFxU2U1WHdJS2ZsaFhMRENSb2FRUT09){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

### IAIFI Summer School Application Deadline Today

Applications to attend the 2026 IAIFI Summer School, which will be held at UMass Boston August 3–7, 2026, are due today (Monday, February 9, 2026). All IAIFI Junior Investigators are guaranteed in-person acceptance to the Summer School at least once. This year we have a great program lined up, covering topics such as generative modeling, simulation-based inference, computer vision, and symbolic regression. *We encourage you to sign up and to share with your networks!* 

[Learn More and Apply](https://iaifi.org/phd-summer-school){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
