---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of June 22, 2026"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

{% include_relative digest_resources.html %}

### Opportunities with the Museum of Science, Industry Day, + More (IAIFI Summer Survey)
Fill out the survey below to weigh in on IAIFI activities and express interest in various opportunities. The survey will close **end of day Wednesday, July 1**. When you fill out the survey, you can check a box to be entered in a raffle for IAIFI merch.

Some of the opportunities include:
- **Museum of Science**: Volunteer to engage with museum visitors at the new Making Waves exhibit on Thursday, August 6, speaking to guests about your research & the exhibit topics.
- **Industry Day on August 14**: Let us know if you are interested in presenting a flash talk at the upcoming Industry Day event! The event will be a great opportunity to network with the IAIFI community, Summer Workshop participants, and industry partners including First Principles, Extropic, Amazon, MathWorks, + more.
- **ICML**: If you’re attending ICML and want to connect with other IAIFI attendees, let us know in the survey, and we will connect you by email.
- Vote on when we host our **Summer Pizza & Co-Working Session** in July. 

[Survey](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/019ed61388dc7cbaa7322443a66f6b99){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

### Save the Date: Ice Cream Social on Thursday, July 9
We will host an ice cream social on Thursday, July 9, 2:00pm at the IAIFI Penthouse. Stop by to connect with the IAIFI community. Guests are welcome!

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
