---
layout: article
header: false
footer: false
title: "IAIFI Digest: Week of July 13, 2026"
show_title: false
--- 

{% include_relative digest_header.html %}

## News from IAIFI Management

{% include_relative digest_resources.html %}

### 2027–2030 IAIFI Fellowship Applications Now Open

Applications for the 2027-2030 IAIFI Postdoctoral Fellowship program are now open! Applications are due on **Wednesday, October 7, 2026**. Please share with anyone you think may be interested in applying.

IAIFI seeks a talented and interdisciplinary group of researchers at an early stage of their careers to join the IAIFI Fellowship program. The role of an IAIFI Fellow is to spark vital interdisciplinary, multi-investigator, multi-subfield collaborations across some of the primary IAIFI domains of theoretical physics, experimental physics, astrophysics, and foundational AI. Such collaborations have immense power to generate new ideas and approaches in both physics and AI, to facilitate abstracting physics challenges beyond their native domains to inform the development of cutting-edge AI tools, and to instill a common language across disciplines. 

[Apply on AJO](https://academicjobsonline.org/ajo/jobs/32251){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm} [Learn more about the IAIFI Fellowship](https://iaifi.org/fellows){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

### RSVP for Summer School Social on Thursday, August 6
All IAIFI members are invited to the 2026 IAIFI Summer School Social on **Thursday, August 6, 2026**! The event will include a catered dinner at the Museum of Science hosted by one of our  sponsors, PDT Partners, with opening remarks from Shamit Kachru (Executive Director, Quantitative Research, PDT Partners). Attendees will also have after-hours access to the Museum's new *Making Waves* exhibit. 

If you are not attending the Summer School, but would like to attend the Social, please RSVP below.

[RSVP](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/019f56b65e607f61add532b83fca44c4){:.button.button--outline-primary.button--pill.button--sm}

{% include_relative digest_calendar.html %}

{% include_relative digest_papers.html %}
 
{% include_relative digest_jobs.html %}

{% include_relative digest_funding-opportunities.html %}

{% include_relative digest_footer.html %}
